add docs for resubmit failure #ntrn-84 (#104)
neutron-org/neutron-docs: docs/neutron/modules/contract-manager/overview.md

To ensure that the state of the contract is consistent, the call to the sudo handler takes place in a temporary state (using `CacheContext`), which is written to the active state if the call succeeds.

> To make sure there is no exploits with infinite recursion of IBC calls that call another IBC messages in sudo handler we use constant gas `LIMIT` to spent. If your contracts need to do intense computational work in sudo handler, you can save the messages and do work in separate method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make sure there are no exploits with infinite recursion of IBC messages which call other IBC messages in sudo handler we use constant gas `LIMIT` to spend. If your contracts need to do intense computational work in sudo handler, you can save the messages and do work later in a separate method.
```

If your contract exceeds this constant `LIMIT`, it will terminate sudo handler call and save a `Failure` with full call info. You can [resubmit failure](#resubmitfailure) from this contract.

> We give an ability to resubmit bindings through the contract that initiated the IBC transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We provide an ability to resubmit bindings through the contract that initiated the IBC transaction.
```

## Binding msgs

### ResubmitFailure

Cosmwasm contracts that sent an IBC transfer or ICA transaction can resubmit their failures.

This binding is permissioned - only the contract that sent an IBC transfer or transaction can call it.

The format is as follows:
```go
type ResubmitFailure struct {
	FailureId uint64 `json:"failure_id"`
}
```

Binding in cosmwasm described [here](https://github.com/neutron-org/neutron-sdk/blob/feat/contract-manager-resubmit/packages/neutron-sdk/src/bindings/msg.rs#L184).

It will call sudo handler with exact same arguments as the original handler that failed.

> The only difference is that this SubmitHandler will be called not from relayer, so the gas limitations above do not apply.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The only difference is that this `SubmitHandler` will be called not from relayer, so the gas limitations above do not apply.
```
